Docs changelog 2025 10 17 (#4055)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-10-17.md

---
title: Console improvements, infrastructure updates, and E2E testing guides
---

## Configure scale to zero in the console

Scale plan users can now adjust their scale to zero timeout directly in the Neon Console. Simply select **Edit compute** from the menu on the **Compute** tab to set a custom timeout. The Scale plan allows you to set this as low as 1 minute, a setting that was previously only available via the Neon API.

> The scale-to-zero feature helps minimize costs by automatically placing inactive databases in an idle state. The timeout setting controls how fast that happens. To learn more, refer to our [Scale to zero](/docs/introduction/scale-to-zero) guide.

Author: ```suggestion
Scale to zero helps minimize costs by automatically placing inactive databases in an idle state. The timeout setting controls how fast that happens. To learn more, refer to our [Scale to zero](/docs/introduction/scale-to-zero) guide.
```

![Configure scale to zero time in the Console](/docs/changelog/scale_to_zero_console.png)

## Quick presets for branch expiration

Managing your project's branches is now easier with convenient preset options. When creating or configuring a branch, choose to automatically expire it after 1 hour, 1 day, or a week. No need to manually calculate and select a specific date and time.

> Good branch management can help reduce costs. To learn more, check out our [Branch expiration](/docs/guides/branch-expiration) guide.

Author: ```suggestion
Setting branch expiration times can help reduce costs. To learn more, check out our [Branch expiration](/docs/guides/branch-expiration) guide.
```
